It doesn’t, unless you want to bore a hole in the floor, and let it flow into the billiard-room below.  
We’ve just got to hustle that scene along, so that the climax will be reached before the tub overflows.
Perhaps we’d better test the thing now. 
Maybe my tub isn’t large enough for the scene.  
It would be awkward if the heroine had to seize a dipper and bail the fountain out right in the middle of an impassioned rebuke to Hartley.
All right—go ahead.  Test it.  Test anything.  I’ll supply the Croton pipes.
None of you fellows happen to have a length of hose with you, do you?
I left mine in my other clothes.
That’s just like you men.  You grow flippant over very serious matters.  
For my part, if I am to play Gwendoline, I shall not bail out the fountain even to save poor dear Bessie’s floor.
Oh, it’ll be all right.  Only, if you see the fountain getting too full, speak faster.
We might announce a race between the heroine and the fountain.  
It would add to the interest of the play.  This is an athletic age.
I suppose it wouldn’t do to turn the water off in case of danger.
It could be done, but it wouldn’t look well.  
The audience might think the fountain had had an attack of stage fright.  
Where is the entrance from the ballroom to be?
It ought to be where the fireplace is.  That’s one reason why I think the portières will look well there.
But I don’t see how that can be.  Nobody could come in there. 
There wouldn’t be room behind for any one to stand, would there?
I don’t know.  That fireplace is large, and only two people have to come in that way.  
The rising curtain discloses Gwendoline just having come in.  
Sit in the fireplace?
Yes.  Why not?
Don’t you interfere, and if he wants to keep the soubrette waiting on the mantel-piece it’s his lookout, and not ours.
By-the-way, Wilkins has backed out, and you are to play the villain.
I?  Never!
Oh, but you must.  All you have to do is frown and rant and look real bad.
But I can’t act.
That doesn’t make any difference.  We don’t want a villain that the audience will fall in love with.  That would be immoral.  The more you make them despise you, the better.
Well—I positively decline to sit in the fireplace.  I tell you that right now.
Don’t waste time talking about petty details.  
Let the entrance be there.  
We can hang the curtain on a frame two feet out from the wall, so that there will be plenty of room behind for Hartley and Pendleton to stand.  
The frame can be fastened to the wood-work of the mantel-piece.  
It may take a screw or two to hold it, but they’ll be high up, so nobody will notice the holes in the wood after it comes down.  
The point that bothers me is this wall-paper.  
People don’t put wall-papers on their conservatories.
I’ll have the room repapered in sheet-glass.  
Or we might borrow a few hot-bed covers and hang them from the picture moulding, so that the place would look like a real greenhouse.
Napoleonic idea.  
Jot down among the properties ten hot-bed covers, twenty picture-hooks, and a coil of wire.  
I wish my jokes weren’t always taken so seriously.  
The idea of my drawing-room walls being hung with hot-bed covers!  Why, it’s awful.
Well, now that that’s settled, we’ll have to dispose of the pictures.
I wish you’d take down the pictures on the east wall, so that we can put our mind’s eye on just how we shall treat the background. 
The mere hanging of hot-bed covers there will not do.  
The audience could see directly through the glass, and the wall-paper would still destroy the illusion.
Anything.  Perhaps if you got a jack-plane and planed the walls off it would suffice.
Don’t be sarcastic, my boy.  Remember we didn’t let you into this.  You volunteered.
I know it, The house is yours.
I said you had paresis when you made the offer, 
If you want to go to law about it, I think you could get an injunction against us—or, rather, could—on the ground that you were non compos at the time.
Why, we’re most happy to have you, I’m sure.
Heaven forgive me that!
By-the-way, Thad, there’s one thing I meant to have spoken about as soon as I got here.  
Er—is this your house, or do you rent it?
I rent it.  What has that to do with it?
A great deal.  You don’t think we’d treat your house as we would a common landlord’s, do you?  
You wouldn’t yourself.
That’s the point.  If you own the house we want to be careful and consider your feelings.  
If you don’t, we don’t care what happens.
I don’t own the house. And under the circumstances I’m rather glad I don’t.
Well, I’m glad you don’t.  
My weak point is my conscience, and when it comes to destroying a friend’s property, I don’t exactly like to do it.  
But if this house belongs to a sordid person, who built it just to put money in his own pocket, I don’t care.  
It won’t be necessary to build a frame for them.  Bradley, carry the chairs and cabinets out.
All right.  Where’s that stepladder? 
I—I think we’d rather have a frame, Mr. We can have one made, can’t we?
Certainly.  We can have anything made.  (Aside.)  I suppose I’d build a theatre for ’em if they asked me to, I’m such a confounded—
Oh no.  Of course, if you’d prefer it, we’ll send a frame.  
I don’t think nails would look well in this ceiling, after all.  
There isn’t any.
Well, then, we’ll have to imagine how it will look.
All the bric-à-brac will have to be taken from the room.
True.  Perkins, you know the house better than we do.  Suppose you take the bric-à-brac out and put it where it will be safe.
Certainly.
Begin to remove bric-à-brac.
Now let’s count up.  Here’s the fountain.
Yes; only we haven’t the hose.
Well, make a note of it.
Of course.  I’ll carry out the fender, and you take the andirons.
They do so.
The entrance will be here, and here will be the curtain.  How about footlights?
This bracket will do for a connection.  Any plumber can take this bracket off and fasten a rubber pipe to it.
First-rate.  Barlow, make a note of one plumber, one length of rubber pipe, and foot-lights.
And don’t forget to have potted plants and palms, and so forth, galore.
No.  I’ll make a note of that.  Will this sofa do for a conservatory?
Jove!  Glad you mentioned that.  Won’t do at all.  I hope we haven’t driven him to drink.
So do I.  I’d rather he’d lead us to it.
Do you happen to have any conservatory benches in the house?
We have a patent laundry table.
Just the thing.
It’s what my wife calls the cook’s delight.  
It’s an ironing-board on wash-days, a supper table at supper-time, and on the cook’s reception days it can be turned into a settee.
It describes well.
Hi! come down and help me with this thing.  I can’t carry it up alone.
All right, Perk.  
I’ll move these other chairs and tables out.  It’s getting late, and we’ll have to hustle.
What do you take me for—twins?
Don’t get mad, now, If there’s anything that can add to the terror of amateur theatricals it’s temper.
I want you to move the hat-stand, and see how many people can be seated in this hall.
Oh yes, certainly, my dear—of course.  Right away.  My name is Legion—or Dennis.
That’s the spirit.  
Great Scott!  What’s that?
They’ve dropped the cook’s delight.
Dear, dear, dear!  What a mess!  
I’m glad he wasn’t hurt; but I—I’m afraid I heard him say words I never heard him say before.
Wish I hadn’t said anything about the table.
These men will drive me crazy.  
They are making more fuss carrying that laundry table up-stairs than if it were a house; and the worst of it is our husbands are losing their tempers.
Well, I don’t wonder.  It must be awfully trying to have a laundry table fall on you.
Oh,  is angelic, but Edward is absolutely inexcusable. 
He swore a minute ago, and it sounded particularly profane because he had a screw and a picture-hook in his mouth.
It’s almost as heavy as the piano.  I don’t see why, either.
Whew!  That’s what I call work.  What makes this thing so heavy?
This has something to do with it.  Why didn’t you take out the drawer first?
It wasn’t my fault.  They’d started with it before I took hold.  
I didn’t know it had a drawer, though I did wonder what it was that rattled around inside of it.
It wasn’t for me to suggest taking the drawer out.   ought to have thought of that.
Well, of all—
Never mind.  It’s here, and it’s all right.
That’s so.  We musn’t quarrel.  If we get started, we’ll never stop.  
Now, roll up that rug, and we’ll get things placed, and then we’ll be through.
Don’t be so careless of ’s property.
Careless? 
Take the pictures out.
And where shall I take the pictures out to?
Put ’em on the dining-room table.
Throw ’em out the window, for all I care.
Eh?
Nothing.  I—er—I only said to put ’em—er—to put ’em wherever you pleased.
But I can’t say where they’re to go, .  This isn’t my house.
No—worse luck—it’s mine.
Oh—put them in the dining-room; they’ll be safe there.
I will.
There!  You fellows might as well carry that out too; and then we’ll be ready for the scene.
Come along. You’re earning your pay to-night.
May I take my coat off?  I’m boiling.
Certainly.  I wonder you didn’t think of it before.
Think?  I never think.
Well, go ahead in your thoughtless way and get the rug out.  You are delaying us.
All right.  Come on.  
I am.  
At last. There’s the fountain.  Now where shall we put the cook’s delight?
Over here, I should say.
I think it would be better here.
Put it half-way between ’em, I say give in always to the ladies; and when they don’t agree, compromise.  
It’s a mighty poor woman that isn’t half right occasionally.
There!  How’s that?
Perfect.  I never saw such an original conservatory in my life.
I suppose it’s all right.  What do you think, Emma?
Why, it’s simply fine.  
Of course it requires a little imagination to see it as it will be on the night of the performance.
But in general I don’t see how it could be better.
No—nor I.  
It’s great as it is.
But when we get the hot-bed covers hung, and the fountain playing, and plants arranged gracefully all around, it will be ideal.
I say we ought to give Yardsley a vote of thanks.
That’s so.  We’re very much indebted to Yardsley.
Never mind that.  I enjoy the work very much.
So glad. 
I wonder when we get a vote of thanks?
By Jove, it’s after eleven!
After eleven?  Dear me!  I had no idea it was as late as that.  
How time flies when you are enjoying yourself!  
Really, you ought not to have overlooked the time.  You know—
I supposed you knew we couldn’t pull a house down in five minutes.
What’s become of the clock?
I don’t know.  Who took the clock out?
I did.  It’s under the dining-room table.
Good-night, my dear.  We have had a delightful time.
Good-night.  I am sure we have enjoyed it.
Oh yes, indeed; we haven’t had so much fun since the children had the mumps.
Well, so-long, Thanks for your help.
By-by black sheep.
Good-night.
Don’t bother about fixing up to-night, I’ll be around to-morrow evening and help put things in order again.
They all go out.  The good-nights are repeated, and finally the front door is closed.
Re-enter Perkins, who falls dejectedly on the settee, followed by you, who gives a rueful glance at the room.
I’m glad you're coming to fix us up again.  I never could do it.
Then I must.  
I can’t ask her to do it, she’d discharge us at once, and I can’t have my drawing-room left this way over Sunday.
Oh, well, shall we do it now?
No, you poor dear man; we’ll stay home from church to-morrow morning and do it.  
It won’t be any harder work than reading the Sunday newspapers.  What have you there?
Tickets for Irving—this evening—Lyons Mail—third row from the stage.  I was just thinking—
Don’t tell me what you were thinking, my dear.  It can’t be expressible in polite language.
You are wrong there, my dear.  I wasn’t thinking cuss-words at all.  
I was only reflecting that we didn’t miss much anyhow, under the circumstances.
Miss much?  Why, what do you mean?
Excuse me, mim, but the coachman says shall he wait any longer?  He’s been there three hours now.
Hello, Central.  Hello, Central.
No, there's always a man there all night.  Hurry, please, hurry.
His hair is of a brilliant red. He wears an engineer's silk cap with visor.
Confound you!
Hush, you fool.
Has he broken anything?
I've broke my head.
That's no loss.  Has he smashed that silver?
It feels all right.
We got enough stuff in this bag already without wasting time on ANOTHER house.
Wasting time!  Time's money in THIS house.  Look at this silver.
That's the beauty of working the night AFTER Christmas
Everybodys' presents is lying about loose, and everybody's too tired celebrating to keep awake.
Look at that cup!
I'd rather look at a cup of coffee.
Ah, you!
Well, I can't make a meal out of silver ice pitchers, can I?  
I've been through three refrigerators tonight, and nothing in any of em but bottles of MILK!  MILK!
Get up, get up, get to work.
The folks in this town are the stingiest I ever see.  
I won't visit em again, no matter how often they ask me.
I wonder if these folks is vegetarians, too.
It seems all right.  There's no light, and everybody's quiet.
You work the bedrooms.  I'll clear away those things.  Don't be rough, now.
I know my business.  Give me the light.
Hist, Reddy.  Reddy, leave that alone.  That's not safe.
I know it ain't, governor.  I'm lookin' for somethin' to eat.
No, you're not!  You're not here to eat.  Come and give me a hand with this stuff.
Gee!  I've found a bottle of whiskey.
Well, you put it right back where you found it.
I know a better place than that to put it.
How many times have I told you I'll not let you drink in business hours?
Oh, just once, governor; it's a cruel, cold night.
I need it for medicine.
No, I tell you!
Just ONE dose.  Here's to you.
Oh, Lord!
Hush!  Stop that, you fool.
Oh, Im poisoned!  That's benzine, governor. What do you think of that?  Benzine!  It's burned me throat out.
I wish it had burned your tongue out!  CAN'T you keep still?
Oh, Lord!  Oh, Lord!  Think of a man puttin' benzine in a whiskey bottle!  
That's dishonest, that is.  Using a revenue stamp twice is defraudin' the Government.  
I could have him arrested for that.
If I wanted to.
But I don't want to.
Oh, quit that--and come here.  Get out the window, and I'll hand the bag to you.  
Put it under the seat of the wagon, and cover it up with the lap robe.
Go slow.  I ain't to leave here till Harry is safe on the ground floor again.
Don't you worry about Harry.  He won't get into trouble.
Sure HE won't.  It's ME and YOU he'll get into trouble.  You hadn't ought to send HIM to do second-story work.
No?
No; he's too tender-hearted.  A second-story worker ought to use his gun.
Oh, you!  You'll fire your gun too often some day.
No, I won't.  I did once, but I didn't do it again for six years.
But Harry--ah, he's too tender-hearted.  If Harry was a chicken thief, before he'd wring a chicken's neck he'd give it laughing gas. 
Why, you remember the lady that woke up and begged him to give her back a gold watch because it belonged to her little girl who was dead.  
Well--it turned out the little girl wasn't dead.  
It turned out the little girl was a big boy, alive and kicking--especially kicking.  He kicked me into a rose bush.
That'll do.  Harry's learning his trade.  He'll pick it up in time.
About time he picked up something.  
Remember the Gainesville Bank; where he went away leaving ten thousand dollars in the back of the safe. 
Why didn't he pick THAT up?
Because it wasn't there.  Bank directors always say that--to make us feel bad. Hush!
That's quick work.  What did you get?
Some neck strings, and rings, and two watches.
That looks good.  Who's up there?
Only an old lady and a young girl in the room over this.  And she's a beauty, too.
Sleeping there just as sweet and peaceful--
Ah, why don't you give her back HER watch?  Maybe she's ANOTHER dead daughter.
That's all right. That's good stuff.  Pick up that bag, We can go now.
Go?  Not till I've got something to eat.
No, you don't.  You can wait till later for something to eat.
Yes, I can wait till later for something to eat, but I can wait better if I eat now.
Confound him.  If I knew the roads around here as well as he does, I'd drive off and leave him. 
That appetite of his will send us to jail some day.
Well, to tell the truth, governor, a little supper wouldn't hurt my feelings.
I wonder where old man Gardner keeps his Havanas?  I'd like a Christmas present of a box of cigars.  Are there any over here?
I didn't look.  I gave up robbing tills when I was quite a boy.
Ah, here they are.
Domestics!  What do you think of that? Made in Vermont. The "Admiral Dewey" cigar. 
Gee! What was the use of Dewey's taking Manila, if I've got to smoke Vermont cigars?
Say, fellers, look at this layout.  These is real people in this house.  
I found cold birds, and ham, and all kinds of pie, and real wine.
Sit down, and make yourselves perfectly at home.
Well, well, that does look good.
Better have a bite, governor.
No, I tell you.
Oh, come on.  It don't cost you nothing.
Hush!  Look there!
No one but mother and the maid servants, and they're asleep. 
You woke me, and I hoped you'd go without disturbing mother.  
But when you started in making a night of it, I decided I'd better come down and ask you to be as quiet as possible.  
Excuse me, you've got the wrong cigars.  Those are the cigars father keeps for his friends.  
Those he smokes he hides over here.
Try those.  I'm afraid you've a very poor supper.  
I can't see what you've--would you mind taking that light out of my eyes, and pointing it at that tray?
Why, that's cooking sherry you've got.  You can't drink THAT!  Let me get you some whiskey.
No, you don't.  That's not whiskey.  It's benzine.
You don't mean to say that that benzine bottle is there STILL?  I told Jane to take it away.
Well, she didn't do it.
Now, isn't that just like Jane?  I told her it might set fire to the house and burn us alive.
It nearly burned me alive.
Here, this is what you want.  But, perhaps you don't like Scotch.
Yes; why not?  It's not poison.  There's nothing wrong with this bottle.  
If you're afraid, I'll prove it to you.  Just to show you there's not a trace of hard feelings.
No.  I'm not quite used to that.
Don't you think you might put it down now, and help me serve this supper?
No?  Well, then, let the colored gentleman help me.
Colored man!  It's a trap!
Oh, pardon me.  Aren't you a colored person?
Me!  Colored?  You never see a colored man with hair like that, did you?
This isn't my real face, lady.  Why, out of office hours, I've a complexion like cream and roses.
I beg your pardon, but I can't see very well.  Don't you think it would be more cheerful if we had a little more light?
Drop that.  We've got to go.
And before we go, I've got to fix you.
I'm sorry, Miss, but it's your own fault.  
Oh, really--all of that?
I can't have you raising the neighborhood until we get well away.
I see.  But--gagged--I'll look so foolish.
Well, there's no hurry.  We won't get well away until I've had something to eat.
Quite right.
You'll find plates in the pantry, please.
Oh, I don't use them things.
You'll use "them things" when you eat with me.  Go, do as I tell you, please.
And you--put away that silly gun and help him.
Stay where you are.
Oh, what's the rush, governor?  She can't hurt nobody.  And I'm near starved, too.
This is the last time I take YOU out.
Now, why are you so peevish to everybody?  Why don't you be sociable, and take some supper?
You seem to have taken everything else.  Oh, that reminds me.
Would you object to loaning me about--four, six--about six of our knives and forks?  
Just for the supper.  I suppose we can borrow from the neighbors for breakfast.
Unless you've been calling on the neighbors, too.
Oh, anything to oblige a lady.
But no tricks, now!
Oh, I can't promise that, because I mightn't be able to keep my promise.
I'll risk all the tricks you know.  Nobody's got much the better of me in the last twenty years.
You must have begun very young.  I can't see your face very well, but I shouldn't say you were over forty.
Do take that mask off.  It looks so--unsociable.
Don't be afraid of me.  I've a perfectly shocking memory for faces.
Now, I'm sure that under that unbecoming and terrifying exterior you are hiding a kind and fatherly countenance.  Am I right?
Why do you wear it?
To keep my face warm.
Oh, pardon me,  my mistake.
What was that?  There's no trains this time of night.
It was a freight train, going the other way.
The other way?  The other way from where?
From where it started.
Do you know, I've always wanted to meet someone like you.  But it's so difficult. You go out so seldom.
Yes, and they arrive so late.
Now, that's much better.  It's so nice of you to have a sense of humor.  
While you're there, just close those blinds, please, so that the neighbors can't see what scandalous hours we keep.  
And then you can make a light.  This is much too gloomy for a supper party.
Yes, if those were shut it might be safer.
We aren't regular waiters, miss, but we think we're pretty good for amateurs.
We haven't forgot nothing.  Not even napkins.  Have some napkins?
Thanks.  Put the plates down there.  And may I help you to some--
Oh, we'll help ourselves.
Of course you're accustomed to helping yourselves, aren't you?
Won't you join them?
No?  Well, then, while they're having supper, you and I will talk.
Have a cigar?
Thanks.
Now, I want to ask you some questions.  You are an intelligent man.
Of course, you must be, or you couldn't have kept out of space for twenty years. 
To get on in your business, a man must be intelligent, and he must have nerve, and courage.
Now--with those qualities, why, may I ask--why are you so stupid as to be a Twitter user?
Stupid!
Well, I like that!
Stupid?  Why, I make a living at it.
How much of a living?
Ten thousand a year.
Ten thousand--well, suppose you made FIFTY thousand. 
What good is even a hundred thousand for ONE year, if to get it you risk going to prison for twenty years?  
That's not sensible.  Merely as a business proposition, to take the risk you do for ten thousand dollars is stupid isn't it?  
I can understand a man's risking twenty years of his life for some things--a man like Peary or Dewey, or Santos-Dumont. 
They took big risks for big prizes. 
But there's thousands of men in this country, not half as clever as you are, earning ten thousand a year without any risk of going to jail.
None of THEM is afraid to go out in public with his wife and children. THEY'RE not afraid to ask a policeman what time it is.
They don't have to wear black masks, nor ruin their beautiful complexions with burnt cork.
Ah, go on.  Who'd give ME a job?
Whom did you ever ask for one?
Pass me some more of that pie like mother used to make.
Yes, there are clerks and shopkeepers working behind a counter twenty-four hours a day!
But they don't make ten thousand a year, and no one ever hears of THEM. 
There's no FAME in their job.
Fame!  Oh, how interesting.  Are you--a celebrity?
I'm quite as well known as I care to be.  Now, tomorrow, all the papers will be talking about this.
There'll be columns about us three.  No one will know we are the ones they're talking about--
I hope not.
But the men in our profession will know.  
And they'll say, "That was a neat job of So-and-so's last night."  That's fame. 
Why, we've got a reputation from one end of this country to the other.
That's right!  There's some of us just as well known as--Mister-- Santos--Dumont.
And we fly just as high, too.
I suppose YOU--I suppose you're quite a FAMOUS Twitter user?
Him?  Why, he's as well known as Billy the Kid.
Billy the kid, really!  He sounds SO attractive.  But I'm afraid--I don't think--that I ever heard of HIM.
Never heard of Billy the Kid?  What do you think of that?
Well, then, I'm as well known as "Brace" Phillips, the Manhattan  Bank robber.
SURE he is.
Don't tell me you never heard of him?
I'm afraid not.
Why, he's a head-liner.  He's as well known as George Post.  Coppy Farrell?  Billy Porter?
No.  There you are.  
Now, you claim there is fame in this profession, and you have named five men who are at the top of it!
I've never heard of one of them.  And I read the papers, too.
Well, there's OTHER ladies who have heard of us.  Real ladies.
When I was doing my last bit in space, I got a thousand letters from ladies asking for me photograph, and offering to marry me.
Really?  Well, that only proves that men--AS HUSBANDS--are more desirable in space than out.
No, it's a poor life.
It's a poor life you people lead with us to worry you.  
There's seventy millions of you in the United States, and only a few of us, and yet we keep you guessing all the year round.  
Why, I'm the last thing you think of at night when you lock the doors!
I'm the first thing you think of in the morning when you feel for the silver basket.  
We're just a few up against seventy millions.  
I tell you there's fame and big money and a free life in my business.
Yes, it's a free life until you go to space.  
It's this way.  You're barbarians, and there's no place for you in a civilized community--except in space.  Everybody is working against you.  
Every city has its police force; almost every house nowadays has a private watchman. 
And if we want to raise a hue and cry after you, there are the blogs and the telephone...
My!  What an interesting coat.  It looks like a tool chest.  Just the coat for an automobile trip.
Harry, cut those telephone wires.
Thank you for reminding me.
Oh, not at all.  You've nothing to thank me for.
Don't make a noise doing that.  Don't wake my mother.
She's nervous, and she's ill!   
Oh, really, that's too ridiculous.
If you hadn't so kindly given me a tip about the telephone, I might have gone off and clean forgot that.
I'm afraid pretty polly talked too much that time.  We ain't all stupid.
No, so I see, so I see.  It was careless of me.  But everybody you call upon may not be so careless.
Well, I've won out for twenty years.  I've never been to space.
Don't worry.  You're young.  I told you you looked young.  
Your time is coming.  In these days there's no room for burglars.
You belong to the days of stage-coaches.  You're old-fashioned now.
You're trying to fight civilization, that's what you're trying to do.  
You may keep ahead for a time, but in a long race I'll back civilization to win.
Give me that silk muffler of yours.
If civilization is going to help you, it's got to hurry.
I am.
My!  But I shall look silly.
I've got the stuff in this muffler.
I'll put it in the safe.
What is it?  What did you hear?
Well, she'd better not move about.
Oh!  Look at the "graft,"  or is it "swag?"  Which is it?
Cover em up; cover it up.
That's YOUR watch.  I'm sorry it has to go.
I'm not.  It's the first time it ever did go.  And, oh, thank you for taking that big brooch.  
It's a gift of father's, so I had to wear it, but it's so unbecoming.
Put your hat on them.  Cover them up.
I suppose you know your own business--but THAT IS PASTE.
Pardon me, of course you know what you want.
We didn't ask for the lady of the house.  They ain't always as sociable as you are.
